# REGRESSION
IMDB TV shows user rating prediction
By: Krystian Krystkowiak

ABSTRACT
	The goal of this project was to use regression model to predict IMDB TV show user rating and to fond factors that influence it. It can help TV professionals and investors to make key decisions while production planning. Model may be also interesting for fans waiting for shows to watch, as it may help them to estimate which show should be most anticipated. 
	I worked with data scraped from https://www.imdb.com, combining numerical and categorical features to find results for this problem. After refining a model, I visualised and communicated my results using Matplotlib and Seaborn plots.

DESIGN
1999-now has been announced in medias as new Golden Age of Television. We prefer to loose ourself in magic of moving pictures while sitting in cosy sofa instead visiting intimidating movie theatres. TV shows have it all: space for new ways of storytelling, more time to do it and more human, personal way to consume that story - at home.
Understanding factors shaping IMDB TV show user rating could help viewers save time and maybe improve quality of TV Shows produced in future.

DATA
The dataset contains 1335 rows with 10 features for each, 6 of which are categorical. 
* Numerical: s01_episodes, avg_runtime, rel_date.
* Categorical: genres, MPAA certification, origin, company, creators, stars
I considered period 2019-2021, to analyse last years shows.

ALGORITHMS
Feature Engineering
After scraping and cleaning data, I processed to checking features correlations and engineering (converting categorical features or subsets of them to binary dummy variables, searching for interactions).
Models
Logistic regression.
Ridge and Lasso regularisation were used. 
Model Evaluation and Selection
The entire dataset was split into 75/25 train vs test.
* With results 0.096/-0.021 R-squared

TOOLS
* BeautifulSoup for scraping
* Numpy and Pandas for data manipulation
* Scikit-learn and statsmodels for modeling
* Matplotlib and Seaborn for plotting


COMMUNICATION
5-minute slide presentation
